update obsolete api for 23.1 (#448)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.probuilder: CHANGELOG.md

### Changes

> - Update `Object.FindObjectsOfType` to use new `Objects.FindObjectsByType` in Unity 2023.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated `Object.FindObjectsOfType` to use the new `Objects.FindObjectsByType` in Unity 2023.1.
```
